JOE NOBODY  
Email:  test@gmail.com    Phone:  123-456-7890    LinkedIn:  TEST_LINKEDIN    GitHub:  TEST_GITHUB  
 
 Experience  
University of Waterloo                                  Waterloo, ON, Canada  
Instructional Support Assistant                                                 August 2022 ~ December 2022  
 Designed and tested proprietary configuration files for the auto -grading system, Lint R, 
to assess and provide feedback on students' assignments, saving over 70% of manual 
grading time.  
 Developed two Batch scripts to extract and integrate students' assignment completion 
status and calculate overall class score distributions, reducing spot-checking time by 
over 60% and minimizing potential system errors.  
 Implemented a C++ program to identify students with unusually low scores, which 
helped identify system bugs and increased the  efficiency of the Lint R system and 
configuration files by over 50%.  
 Conducted weekly office hours, tutorials, and pre -exam review sessions, gaining 
extensive public speaking and teaching experience.  
Litchi Future Edu Co., LTD                                              Guangzhou, China  
Technical Support Assistant Intern                                                       June 2021 ~ August 2021  
 Inspected  and made targeted suggestions about Android SES client application UI.   
 Quality tested  system API under Linux environment  and r eported errors to developers.  
Guangzhou Iridescent Consulting Co., LTD                              Guangzhou, China  
Educational Analyst Intern                                                          June 2021 ~ August 2021  
 Produced quality educational material s covering grammar and reading comprehension.  
Highly appreciated by employer (reference letter  included).  
 Communicated with instructors to customize contents.  
 Proficiently categorize and present course materials in an accessible manner.  
 
Projects  
The Game of ChamberCrawler3000+ ( CC3K+ )        July 2022  ~ August 2022  
 Built the game from scratch in C++ with OOP. Used dynamic programming techniques 
with smart pointers  and Standard Template Libraries  (STL ). 
 Used Observer Design Pattern and Decorator Design Pattern to implement over 20 
features of interacting with different gam e elements, including fighting against NPCs, 
using potions, trading with merchants, and equipping game props.  
 Implemented  several “cheat codes ” that can be activated du ring the game to increase 
the game’s playability. Upgraded visual experience by designing a new color-coded 
text display system . 
 
VEX Robots Design & Innovation                 September 2019 ~ April 2020  
 Led a team of 5 as vice -captain , chief mechanist , and chief operator . 
 Blueprinted, constructed , and programmed two VEX EDR robots, equipped with 
mechanical transmission systems and double -motor pick-up structures . 
 Co-authored a complete and detailed engineering log . 
 Enhanced hands -on ability, creativity, and team responsibility. A ccumulated abundant  
experience on  robotics and OOP.  
 
Remote -controlled Paper Plane  Project         September 2019 ~  December 2019  
 Led the team of 5, d esigne d and built an innovative electronic remote -controlled paper 
plane ; introduced and exhibited at the school’s science fair.  
 Authored a detailed project report  (included in the school brochure).  
Skills  
Programming languages :  
C++ (main) (fluent with various STL 
containers  (array, vector, (unordered) set  
& map,  stack, queue,  etc.), algorithms , 
iterators , and virtualizations) , 
Python, C, Racket, Java  
Tools:  
MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel , 
Teams, LaTeX  
Webs:  
Node.j s, HTML , CSS, Markdown  
Operating Systems: 
Linux, Windows  
 
Activities  
Competitions:  
ACSL, USACO, CCC  
Projects:  
CC3K+ Game Design Project  
VEX Engineering Log  
CSP Seminar Report  
Pacman AI Agents Design  
 
Awards  
UW President’s Scholarship  2021  
TOP 25% in 2020 Canadian  
Computer Competition (CCC),  
senior division  
TOP 25% in 2019 Canadian  
Computer Competition (CCC),  
junior division  
Design Award & Amaze Awar d & 
Create Award in the 12th & 13th VEX 
Robotics  Championships  
(VEX EDR 2019 & 2020 ) 
Education  
Computer Science:  
Candidate for Bachelor of Mathematics,  
Honors , Co-operative Program,  
University of Waterloo, Waterloo,  ON 
May 2022 ~ April 2026  
Mathematics/Financial Analysis  
and Risk Management:  
Honors , Co-operative Program,  
University of Waterloo, Waterloo, O N 
Sept 2021 ~ April 2022  
Cumulative GPA : 88.50%  